	The paper titled **Monitoring the habits of elderly people through data mining from home automation devices data** talks about how the population in the elderly age is increasing with proportion to the overall size of the population in Europe. The problem arise when most of the elderly portion of the people prefer to stay home instead of going to a nursing home because of reasons like it being cheaper. Still nursing home are still a better choice when looked overall. How it allows a much more secure environment. Like health care and elderly problems.
	The paper try to solve the problem described above by using different kind of sensor technologies. It also uses different kind of algorithm to process the collected data. One of the algorithm that uses is Episode Discovery(ED). It uses to search for the pattern that arises in the data that has been collected.  
	The ED is used to describe or find the episode of each occurring events in a set of time. It discover by getting related events. The minimum descriptive length principle says that the best model is the one with the shortest description because it capture the most/main trend of the data. The ED aims to find the events that occurring together with the most frequency. This can help us identify that activity the user is doing and what he/she will be doing next by grouping events that happening frequently together to identify what will be the next group of events that will happen. The ED will contain two properties. For the maximum number of events that can happen in one episode and the maximum time that each events can take to be in the same episode. ED also be used to compacting the data set by providing the interval and the time of the occurring set of events with a start and end date.
	xED or Extended Episode Discovery describe how we, human, don't work at the exact moment in time. So for normal ED it will not work. As the cycle won't match from time to time at the exact moment. We have the f-min which describe which episode is valid by looking at the frequency of the episodes. This also remove the rare episode. Resulting in a faster completion of the final result output.
	More about xED and the flexibility of the time